and fraud Justin Bieber's antics he's
made a dream come true for one of his
biggest fans Kato Nia was to attend all
the Biebs Aussie concerts until a car
crash left her fighting for life Justin
heard Kate story and arranged a private
acoustic show especially for her and the
lucky ladies led us into her hospital
room
Kate amazing how did this all happen so
I have no idea how it happened I it was
all a surprise to me but apparently like
my friends started trending Justin visit
Kate after my accident and when they
when I found out I wasn't able to attend
they believe to her and yeah and like my
friends who were traveling late Justin
and the crew know about me and then
favored organized with the team to make
this amazing studio and just organize
this like perfect performance and they
just made like the best surprise for me
ever well we're gonna make all other
Justin Bieber fans very jealous right
now we're going to play something from
last night's performance Katie K how
special are you you are so special I
love you so much
this performance I'm dedicating to you
Kate Kate can I have a kiss on the cheek
yeah it was so crazy he was so close
like I was touching the stage with my
feet I was that close and he was sitting
on my side of the stage and he kept
looking me in the eyes he was singing
and oh my god it was so amazing I just
can't believe it actually happened okay
we're told Justin also helped you get
through the car accident what happened
there
one of my friends pulled me out of the
car after the accident and I kept
closing my eyes and I apparently I kept
saying that it's fun to go to sleep and
then so they'll like come on we'll talk
about Justin though I keep your eyes
open for Justin so talking about Justin
definitely kept me awake and yeah so it
got me kept me going until the ambulance
got there and how is your recovery going
Kate
my recovery is going pretty well I mean
rehab at the moment so I just do a lot
of physio a lot of resting but yeah
hopefully I'll be out in the next before
Christmas so next few weeks
absolutely Kate we hope you get better
soon and yeah well done thanks for
chatting with us
that's East German Hans Bracker he's a
black clean urine for Olympic athletes
for truck chess oh